“Self-transformation commences with a period of self-questioning. Questions lead to more questions, bewilderment leads to new discoveries, and growing personal awareness leads to transformation in how a person lives. Purposeful modification of the self only commences with revising our mind’s internal functions. Revamped internal functions eventually alter how we view our external environment.”
― Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls

An answer to a question need not always be a solution. It can be a much  better question.


My propensity of incessant questioning, quest for knowledge and enthusiasm about the way this world operates has embarked in me a long back as an infant. I reminisce about my mom showing a diary, where she logged regarding my miscellaneous queries at a small age of 3. Few of them being, the cause of light emission from the moving automobiles when there was power cut at home, the reason for death of person who jumps from the 10th floor but not an ant, the reason why bikes drinks petrol for energy while a human just needs water when water is cheaper than petrol. Everytime I had a solution to a problem, I got this habit of coming up with a new question that can find a way for better implementation either financially or chronically

It is able to connect biology, pshchology, ....... ..... every other field of science in one or the other way, where one the only requirement is to fetch some data.
With much more aggrandizement forthcoming in the field of data science, Dynamic pricing, specific product recommendations, personally targeted ads and image/speech recognitions have been the present day's scientic wonders that were able to reach, amuse and challenge even to the very modest and unsophisticated segment of audience who simply use a smartphone.

dynamic pricing
product recommendations
speech recognition
targeted ads























When I was in my primary school, I'd won many prizes, certificates and mementos as a recognization for my performances in regular course tests and various mathematics and science olympiads. I was used of scoring cent percents and scores never dipped below 98%. My parents and even me were so impressed about my acheivements at such a small age, when my father encouraged me to move into one of the best schools in the town for my junior high school. Suddenly, there were drastic changes in report cards. I started to get under 80%'s and I even remember failing a math test, when I barely used to lose a mark in math in my previous school.